Steps:
1. Create a user form with following Fields:
a. Company CRN Number - Free text box (6 digit numeric only allowed)
b. Company Name - Free text box
c. No of Employees - Free text box (only Numeric)
d. Company Industry – Should be in a dropdown, values contain ‘Agri, Mining, Information 
Technology, Hotels and Restaurants, Construction, Education, Financial and insurance 
activities, Manufacturing industry, Public administrative works.
e. Company Location - Should be in a dropdown (India, UK, US, Germany, Japan)
f. Is company registered in India? - Should be an option button – Yes or No
g. Company Started Date - Free textbox date format should be DD-MMM-YYYY
h. Is the company supporting CSR activity – it should be Check box, if check box ticked it is 
Yes, otherwise it is No.
2. In the user form need Insert, View, Update, Delete, Report & Clear Button.
3. The data you are feeding should be stored in an MS Access database.
4. Per day you can enter only 25 records, if you add 26
th record the tool should prompt a message, 
‘Today’s limit exceeded you have already stored 25 records” and it should not allow to store 
further records.
5. While inserting the records Proper validation required in all fields.
6. While Inserting records please capture the RACF ID of the submitter and submission date in the 
database.
7. For Updating company details, please feed the company CRN number and click view button. The 
companies’ relevant fields should be populated.
8. Allow to edit existing values and click update button. The tool should change the updated fields 
inside the database with RACF ID details and date.
9. You need to feed CRN number you have used and click view button and delete the record from 
database by clicking delete button.
10. Before deletion there should be a prompt “Do you want to delete the company records under 
the CRN number <<populate the CRN number>>? Yes or No option, if you press yes, the record 
should be deleted, if you press No the record should not be deleted. (Try for 1 or 2 records)
Report:
1. Once you achieved all above 10 points you need do reporting activity.
2. Please add Report button in the user form.
3. Once you click Report button, from the database the records should be populated in an Excel.
Information Classification - Restricted
4. In the report, Sheet 1 contains all the records till Yesterday, e.g If you run the report on 15
th July, 
Until 14
th July EOD records only should be visible in the sheet 1.
5. Using Raw data in sheet 1 you need to create a pivot in sheet2 like Count of companies in each 
location. 
6. In sheet 1 using loop please highlight the companies which are not registered in India as orange
colour. 
7. Once done please save the report like file name “Companyreport_<<DD-MMM-YYYY>>.xlsx”
8. It should be like if you run on 15
th July the file name should be in previous day like 
Companyreport_14-JUL-2025.xlsx
Mailing:
1. Once you saved the report as said in previous point 1 to 8. It should automatically connect 
to outlook and attach the report and send to yourself and copy yourself.
2. Mail To field – Your mail id
3. Mail Cc filed – Your Mail id
4. Mail Subject – ‘Company Registration Details << DD-MMM-YYYY>>” here the date should be 
in previous day as mentioned in Report Point no 8.
5. Attach the Report.
6. Email Body should be –
“Hi Team,
Please find the company registration details for the close of business date << DD-MMMYYYY>>.
Thanks and Regards,
ABC Support Team.
